packages/@headlessui-vue/README.md, before:

<h3 align="center">
  @headlessui/vue
</h3>

<p align="center">
  A set of completely unstyled, fully accessible UI components for Vue 3, designed to integrate
  beautifully with Tailwind CSS.
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@headlessui/vue"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/@headlessui/vue.svg" alt="Total Downloads"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/tailwindlabs/headlessui/releases"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@headlessui/vue.svg" alt="Latest Release"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/tailwindlabs/headlessui/blob/master/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/l/@headlessui/vue.svg" alt="License"></a>
</p>

## Installation

Please note that **this library only supports Vue 3**.

```sh
# npm
npm install @headlessui/vue

# Yarn
yarn add @headlessui/vue
```

## Components

_This project is still in early development. New components will be added regularly over the coming months._

- [Menu Button (Dropdown)](./src/components/menu/README.md)
- [Listbox (Select)](./src/components/listbox/README.md)
- [Switch (Toggle)](./src/components/switch/README.md)
- [Disclosure](./src/components/disclosure/README.md)
- [FocusTrap](./src/components/focus-trap/README.md)
- [Portal](./src/components/portal/README.md)
- [Dialog](./src/components/dialog/README.md)
- [Popover](./src/components/popover/README.md)
- [Radio Group](./src/components/radio-group/README.md)
- [Transition](./src/components/transitions/README.md)

### Roadmap

This project is still in early development, but the plan is to build out all of the primitives we need to provide interactive Vue examples of all of the components included in [Tailwind UI](https://tailwindui.com), the commercial component directory that helps us fund the development of our open-source work like [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com).

This includes things like:

- Tabs
- Accordions

...and more in the future.

We'll be continuing to develop new components on an on-going basis, with a goal of reaching a pretty fleshed out v1.0 by the end of the year.

Commit message:

Link to docs (#333)
* increase maximum error offset for CI tests

We try to detect how long durations took. However there is no nice way
to time this in JSDOM. Instead we take snapshots every
requestAnimationFrame and when things change we also write down the
time.

This solution is not ideal and results in false positives (especially on
CI environments).

However, it is good enough to ensure that the duration is not 0 and not
500.

* cleanup README's and link to docs site

* remove readme's in favor of doc site

This will be easier, so that we don't have to maintain multiple repo's.

packages/@headlessui-vue/README.md, after:

<h3 align="center">
  @headlessui/vue
</h3>

<p align="center">
  A set of completely unstyled, fully accessible UI components for Vue 3, designed to integrate
  beautifully with Tailwind CSS.
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@headlessui/vue"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/@headlessui/vue.svg" alt="Total Downloads"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/tailwindlabs/headlessui/releases"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@headlessui/vue.svg" alt="Latest Release"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/tailwindlabs/headlessui/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/l/@headlessui/vue.svg" alt="License"></a>
</p>

## Installation

Please note that **this library only supports Vue 3**.

```sh
# npm
npm install @headlessui/vue

# Yarn
yarn add @headlessui/vue
```

## Documentation

For full documentation, visit [headlessui.dev](https://headlessui.dev/vue).

## Community

For help, discussion about best practices, or any other conversation that would benefit from being searchable:

[Discuss Headless UI on GitHub](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/discussions)

For casual chit-chat with others using the library:

[Join the Tailwind CSS Discord Server](https://discord.gg/7NF8GNe)
